So here's our version script, and I'm going to show you about variable scope right now.
So first tell you about global variables.
So this right now is a global variable because it's not inside of a function and it's usually a good
practice in your scripts to just make these capitalized--then you can--
at least that's what I do.
I make them all capital so I know they're global.
And then you can use them inside the function because they're available globally.
Add a little statement here inside the function--this is just so you can illustrate what's going on
with the scope.
So '\$VERSION is $VERSION' and then it will exit.
[To self] Take off this 'exit' for now...
Let's say...
'\$VERSION is $VERSION'. So we have an echo statement that's inside the function and one that's outside the
function.
Let's just put that up here, too.
OK, save that and run that.
All right, so inside the function version is '1.0' and outside.
That's because this is a global variable.
We have access to this variable, whether you're in the function or not.
So next, I'm going to show you about local variables.